Meetings
========


The SciComp Garage zoom
-----------------------

See also: :doc:`communication-channels` for Zoom functions.

We have one zoom room, the :doc:`help/garage` zoom room, which is used
for most of our meetings.  This reduces the friction to start talking
when people want to get together.  There's always one default place for
meeting, and if multiple people need it, they will spontaneously
intersect (which, after all, what our management tells us we need to be
on campus for) before going to breakout rooms.

Even customer meetings or external collaboration meetings often happen
in the garage room by default (if we propose a room).  The same as above
applies: sometimes people intersect, but these intersections are
considered good.

You can idle in the garage room between meetings and see if you can find
someone to talk to.  We often idle there for long periods during the
afternoon.


Quick collaboration meetings
----------------------------

Whenever team members want to talk and propose Zoom, it's understood to
join the garage zoom by default (unless something else is said).  This
way it's as quick as "zoom?" to get a chat and talk with each other.
And it's always in our Zoom history.  (https://scicomp.aalto.fi/zoom is
a shortcut that takes you there, too).


Weekly meetings
---------------

Weekly meetings are a time we come together for things that need to be
discussed - for example, issues where hearing everyone's opinion is
useful.  For example, some change to Triton that will have
far-reaching effects.

- One weekly meeting for RSE and one for all Science-IT.
- Ways to sync with whole team and raise things where we want to make
  sure we get everyone's thoughts before making a decision.
- Can also be used for important announcements that don't have or need
  much discussion.  Try to keep these written (no need to take time to
  speak if there are no questions).
- The point is to focus on discussion and not status reports.
- As the team grows, meetings have a tendency to get long and
  off-the-point.  Bring important matters to the meeting, but
  specific discussions may be pushed to happen afterwards.
- There is limited time for voice, but there are multiple channels you
  can use:

  - Voice
  - Write your thoughts/questions (prefixed by initials, or not) in agenda
    document
  - Meeting chat

- Use this to let everyone get their thoughts in!  Do write
  questions/comments even if it is a "learner" question.


Agenda documents
----------------

We have running agenda documents (internal links) - every meeting gets
a new section at the top.  This means it's always easily available in
people's history, and it is easy for people to add something to be
discussed in the next meeting (or a reminder to themselves to fill it
out later).

The agenda documents also serve as a live chat (just like in
CodeRefinery teaching).

- People should pre-fill agenda items with info for the meeting, so the
  meeting time can be used for discussion, not reporting.
- People can ask questions about that info even before we get to the
  point, and it can be answered even before.
- The agenda document is also good for questions where someone doesn't
  quite know what is going on (say, a new person), who wants more
  background but doesn't want to delay the meeting.  You should not feel
  bad here, ask away and people will be happy to explain more (and it
  won't slow us down).


Customer meetings
-----------------

Customer meetings can often be in the garage zoom, if overlaps are OK.
If customers have their own place to meet/prefer to meet in-person, we
should use/do that instead.
